README.rst, before:

=====
Torii
=====

Torii is a simple but powerful portal application which easily allows writing
and adding new modules. Torii includes full API documentation and an initial
set of modules for feed aggregation, weather statistics, and more...

Requirements
===========

- Ant >= 1.8.0
- PHP >= 5.3
- MySql >= 5.1
- Composer

Installation
============

To install Torii, clone the repository and run the following commands::

    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    composer.phar install
    ant -Dcommons.env=testing install
    ant install

After that configure your webserver properly, and you should done. You might
need to adapt the database connection settings in ``build.properties`` and
``src/config/config.ini``.

Development
===========

To set the application to development mode create a file
``build.properties.local`` containing ``commons.env = development`` in the
project root (just beside the ``build.properties`` file). You can set other
local build envrionment variables there, too.

Lighttpd Example
----------------

Example configuration for the lighttpd webserver::

    $HTTP["host"] =~ "torii$" {
        server.document-root = "/path/to/torii/htdocs"
        server.error-handler-404 = "/index.php"
        url.rewrite-once = (
            "^(\/templates\/|\/styles\/|\/images\/|\/scripts\/).*" => "$0",
            "(?:\?(.*))?$" => "/index.php?$1"
        )
    }



..
   Local Variables:
   mode: rst
   fill-column: 79
   End: 
   vim: et syn=rst tw=79

Commit message:

Ignore local config file
Should reduce the number of local configuration changes to zero.

README.rst, after:

=====
Torii
=====

Torii is a simple but powerful portal application which easily allows writing
and adding new modules. Torii includes full API documentation and an initial
set of modules for feed aggregation, weather statistics, and more...

Requirements
============

- Ant >= 1.8.0
- PHP >= 5.3
- MySql >= 5.1
- Composer

Installation
============

To install Torii, clone the repository and run the following commands::

    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    composer.phar install
    ant -Dcommons.env=testing install
    ant install

After that configure your webserver properly, and you should done. You might
need to adapt the database connection settings in ``build.properties`` and
``src/config/config.ini``.

Configuration
=============

To configure your Torii instance copy the ``src/config/config.ini.dist`` to
``srtc/config/config.ini`` and edit the settings there. If you change the
database connection settings you might also want to do this in your
``build.properties.local`` -- see `Development`_ for details.

Development
===========

To set the application to development mode create a file
``build.properties.local`` containing ``commons.env = development`` in the
project root (just beside the ``build.properties`` file). You can set other
local build envrionment variables there, too.

Lighttpd Example
----------------

Example configuration for the lighttpd webserver::

    $HTTP["host"] =~ "torii$" {
        server.document-root = "/path/to/torii/htdocs"
        server.error-handler-404 = "/index.php"
        url.rewrite-once = (
            "^(\/templates\/|\/styles\/|\/images\/|\/scripts\/).*" => "$0",
            "(?:\?(.*))?$" => "/index.php?$1"
        )
    }



..
   Local Variables:
   mode: rst
   fill-column: 79
   End: 
   vim: et syn=rst tw=79
